hi I'm Dale locket president the
Albuquerque Convention and Visitors
Bureau what a wonderful backyard for
Albuquerque we've got with Santa Fe the
skiing is absolutely fabulous you know
Albuquerque is one of the greatest
outdoor recreational areas of course I'm
biased but that's my belief you know 45
minutes from my house 45 minutes on the
slopes and I'm skiing my rear end off
with my good buddies we're going to try
this it's part of the glade area on the
Santa Fe mountain we'll see if I crash
and burn and and bite a tree or not but
again welcome to my backyard land of
enchantment
hey clean in just a minute I got a
secret to tell you now Albuquerque is a
home of some of the best outdoor
recreation in all of the land yeah okay
I'm biased i promote it but you know
what 45 minutes away we're skiing we got
a great ski area right in Albuquerque
you take our tram that's in our city
take it to ten thousand four hundred
feet and you're skiing in the city
limits of Albuquerque well almost you're
right over the city limits of
Albuquerque so he started Sandhya you
come here to Santa Fe you got some of
the greatest ski in here its key Santa
Fe but just a few hours away about one
and a half hours from Santa Fe you got
Taos that's our mother ski area that is
just like awesome fabulous now you know
okay I'm in my 50s I shouldn't be
talking that way but you know what just
brings out the kid in me to be out here
with this this is just as they would say
awesome so any rate i'm gonna get ready
to go hit down some tree skiing here at
santa fe m you know I didn't mention Red
River sepu pajarito course down south we
got ruidoso Albuquerque is a sinner of
it all plus then we get into the biking
and we get into the river rafting and we
get into the fly fishing and then we get
I think I better go ski now see you in a
minute
so if you're a first-time skier to New
Mexico what would your advice be well
there's number of mountains or seven
different ski areas within three hours
of Albuquerque and each Mountain has a
tremendous amount of beginner there's
awesome some very aggressive black runs
on each of the mountainside the family
of family can ski together and enjoy
your lunch together and enjoy the hot
toddies after the long day it's a great
place for families so we're going to hit
some of those blacks we're going to try
to do some today Dale you're going to
leave me in you know the powder is
forgiving so i think we'll hit it hard
and in just see how the day goes
it's just been great hey have you been
hitting some of the blacks yeah you're
taking me some pretty crazy places day I
love your no fear yeah you doing the
bumps doing the bomb you know trying to
old man trying to try to navigate down
through there and yeah it's just uh been
fabulous snow today I just hope that
they can keep going on forever it's been
that good not bad for March is it busy
bar now you know it's spring skiing it's
best I think they're gonna have a band
here we're going to stick up take a
little stop for a lunch and then get
back out too hard this afternoon all
right
are you going to bring a little bit at
the phone you are
you